Welcome to the new hardturm
adventure the curse of stars us
We are in the quarter and manage
we are in the heroic mode of
difference to the normal is in it
the bosses are now five points of life
own your hero ability around
some are reinforced and also
sometimes less mahner costs
your hero's ability has a rainstorm
for him the possibility for a manifest
for every card you have on your hand
a projectile should be a developer
Of course we can do something completely
Turn off the whole fight
about as few cards as possible on the hand
I have decided to
almost by default it is too thick to play
slightly modified so we have the
possibility almost every two round cards
play out and thus as possible
little cards on the hand
I'll try a guide as possible
none of the only epic cards
to use each of you the
possibility has this replicate it
however, like a small mistake
undermined I hope now from my
got a bit too thick to remove
but he will boss fight in the following
not used by me before we go to
Actual boss fight come I imagine
you have some more cards in front of you
also use that he does not can
each card in the deck that I use
owns these can partially also
better than you choose from my chosen cards
I only have young priests
of course, a second time, of course
So use more cards
you can also need the fairy dragons
use or a new ghostly
crabbler also the master sword schmid
works great in this sector that
new European will work well
if you happen to get rid of them
also used for lina worked
no really start clean net for
he should not use the huber
because in connection with the defenders
from H subscription this much more expensive
Otherwise you can of course still the
flood caregiver or the
you can use arcade golem
of course, a second harvest golem
or a second fanatic and deck
add and of course one more
second damn watch i own
currently only one is in any case
the card i necessarily give you
would recommend from other expensive ones
maps I advise you in any case
while we just data
directly a boss fight against felina and
of course he is right at the beginning
to pull our cards will take you
rather pulled the already at the beginning
according to get along I use
I'm not here now if you're him
of course you should open it up
Use any case
get the flame it takes place
Of course not the great card though
the rest of it is actually okay a teacher
frank Schildt races
I 've been arguing for the tour
has rushed 23 and added her if it
is true three fans and the whole
to be killed humanity hold me one
card the damn week comes unfortunately
also a bit early I hope here
Do not celebrate it now with my son
Paris is now on hand
Probability the left loses
the dark lord is one
Friendly goal +3 live as soon as it
I'll better now
remove that he does not kill my wolf
or even later strengthened
existing provider receives earners
three attacks and channels have been so long
come alive
the gravedigger is holding 11
if you falter an opponent's way
I'll call you sooner
remove that actually even stronger
Otherwise , the man must wolf
actually mini and his
use providers and these too
remove
I do not have two just now
has the six power and safety of
sports clarify and after that it looks
actually quite promising
we prefer to clarify next round
In any case then at least ten
we could harm her we draw
could pull over or pull over
a party to celebrate
If he is bull hütter the creatures
which are located left and right
so it does not interest him
to kill
then come felina anyway within reach
and once we draw something now
which join in at least three of them have
lost
we do damage on the 17th
continue to calculate we would have next
round the leprosy klum the second again
With that we could do one more here
draw a card
while still the always 919 hp so
who were you on the safe side of that
has two more points
that 's about it the next one
guides and follow